add release info for 7.6 (#10562)
qooxdoo/qooxdoo: docs/release-notes.7.0.md

# Qooxdoo Release Notes

## New features in v7.6
improved support for webfonts:

- Manifest.json's `provides.webfonts` is deprecated and now `provides.fonts` is preferred
- The entries in `provides.fonts` are declaring available fonts "IDs", which could be reusable private names (eg `qx.theme.monospace`) or ones which follow the well-known name (eg `MaterialIcons`)
- Classes declare that they need a font by using `@usefont(FontIdFromManifest)`
- The font can be defined with URLs (for use with a CDN) and/or with sources
- The compiler decides which font files (if any) to include in the application build, and the user can decide whether to use the CDN or compile fonts into the app (via command line and `compile.json` configuration)
- Glyphs are manually extracted via `qx export-glyphs`, instead of on every compile

> The benefits of all this is faster compiles, with smaller build targets - and no space consumed by icon fonts at all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The benefits of all this is faster compiles, with smaller build targets - and no space consumed by the materialicon fonts if they are not used (as this this was the case in the earlier 7.x releases).
```

> The benefits of all this is faster compiles, with smaller build targets - and no space consumed by the materialicon fonts if they are not used (as this this was the case in the earlier 7.x releases).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The benefits of all this is faster compiles, with smaller build targets - and no space consumed by the `materialicon` fonts if they are not used (as this was the case in the earlier 7.x releases).
```
